Hi, welcome to the specialization and
information visualization.
My name is Enrico Bertini and I am your
main instructor for the specialization.
I am an associate professor at
the NYU Tandon School of Engineering, and
I have been doing research and teaching
in this area for many, many years.
I am also the co-host of a popular
podcast called Data Stories,
where I talk together with Moritz Stefaner
about data visualization and
anything related to data.
So, my guess is that if you're
watching this video, you've probably
heard of visualization, and
you've also noticed that in recent years,
it grew really,
really a lot in popularity.
So some of the areas
where you may have seen
visualization growing are data journalism.
So there are lots of newspapers
that produce amazing graphics
like The New York Times, Washington Post,
Financial Times and so on.
Another area is vendors and products,
as you saw there are lots of new products.
For instance, Tableau, Qlik,
and open source projects.
Very popular ones like ggplot2, D3,
and a lot of new ones
coming basically every day.
There is also a very thriving
scientific community with new
conferences coming up every year.
Lots of publications at research
labs growing all around the world.
And finally, in data science,
visualization plays a very,
very major role.
And some of the major startups and
companies out there tend to have
strong data visualization groups.
Notable examples are Uber, Netflix,
Capital One, and many others.
So, typically persons who are trying
to learn visualization, or are learning
visualization skills, can use these
skills in many, many different areas.
So, as I said, in data science,
in data journalism.
You can also become
an independent designer,
there are several very successful ones,
and in general as an analyst or as
a scientist you can use data visualization
skills in many many different ways.
So, what all these areas have in
common when we talk about the use of
visualization is the basic
idea of transforming data into
something that enhances the comprehension
of what is described by the data.
And there is kind of need
a little bit of everywhere, and
the reason why this is growing and
growing is because the availability of
data has been growing and
growing in recent years.
So that's what is happening here.
So let's switch to talking about,
specifically about the specialization.
Okay, the main goal of the specialization
is to teach you how to design, evaluate
and develop interactive visualizations
to help people generate insights and
then communicate these insights to other
people as effectively as possible.
That's the main goal of the course.
And we try to strike a balance
between practical skills, but
also very useful theoretical knowledge.
The knowledge that is going to stay
with you no matter what changes
in technology are going to come in
the future, very important foundations.
So in the course we have
a lot of practical examples,
we tried as much as possible to use
real-world data sets and cases.
We also try to provide the cutting edge
knowledge coming from research and
latest sources.
And we also have a lot of practical
programming skills, especially,
in one of the courses that is
totally focus on programming.
So, we have four main courses
in the specialization.
The first one is Introduction
to Information Visualization.
That's a broad introduction and
it's meant to give you the foundations,
the main foundations behind the discipline
of Information Visualization.
In the second course, we talk about mainly
Applied Perception For Visualization.
These are very basic skills that you need
in order to understand how visualization
works and
how humans perceive visualizations.
Then we have the third course that is
completely focused on programming.
And here we are going to teach you how
to program interactive visualizations
using the very popular
D3 JavaScript library, okay.
This is very important because you want to
be able to build interactive visualization
in practice and
D3 is by far the most popular language.
Finally, we have an advanced course
at the end that talks about,
introduces the main advanced techniques
that exist in visualization that
go beyond the basic techniques that
we introduce in the first course.
And we also talk a lot more
about interactive methods.
How to make visualizations interactive.
Why and when to make them interactive, and
how to do it in practice
through programming.
So, the specialization
has five main objectives.
The first one is to teach you
how to use graphs appropriately,
how to choose the right graph for
a given problem.
The second one is to teach you how
to evaluate visualization designs,
whether they come from your own work or
from other people's work.
A very important skill.
We also teach you how to innovate.
How do you come up with new visualization
methods or techniques that is needed for
something specific you need for
your work or for
very specific needs of a new project?
That's very important.
Of course, we also introduce,
we also talk about how to code
information visualization.
Which is exactly what I just said
that is covered in course three.
And finally, an overarching goal
is to teach you how to go from
the specification of a problem
to transforming this problem and
the data into a working
information visualization.
So that's all for now, and
I wish you a good journey
into the specialization in
information visualization.